docs/rules/function-type.md, before:

<!-- WARNING: Generated documentation. Edit docs and examples in the rule and examples file ('rules/function-type.js', 'examples/function-type.js'). -->

# function-type - require and specify a consistent function style for components

Anonymous or named functions inside AngularJS components.
The first parameter sets which type of function is required and can be 'named' or 'anonymous'.
The second parameter is an optional list of angular object names.

**Rule based on Angular 1.x**

**Styleguide Reference**

* [y024 by johnpapa - Named vs Anonymous Functions](https://github.com/johnpapa/angular-styleguide/blob/master/a1/README.md#style-y024)

## Examples

The following patterns are considered problems when configured `"anonymous"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"anonymous"]*/

    // invalid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', myServiceFn);
    function myServiceFn() {
        // ...
    } // error: Use anonymous functions instead of named function

The following patterns are **not** considered problems when configured `"anonymous"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"anonymous"]*/

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function () {
        // ...
    });

The following patterns are considered problems when configured `"named"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"named"]*/

    // invalid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function () {
        // ...
    }); // error: Use named functions instead of anonymous function

The following patterns are **not** considered problems when configured `"named"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"named"]*/

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function myService() {
        // ...
    });

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', myServiceFn);
    function myServiceFn() {
        // ...
    }

## Version

This rule was introduced in eslint-plugin-angular 0.1.0

## Links

* [Rule source](/rules/function-type.js)
* [Example source](/examples/function-type.js)

Commit message:

fix: avoid false positive on function-type rule

docs/rules/function-type.md, after:

<!-- WARNING: Generated documentation. Edit docs and examples in the rule and examples file ('rules/function-type.js', 'examples/function-type.js'). -->

# function-type - require and specify a consistent function style for components

Anonymous or named functions inside AngularJS components.
The first parameter sets which type of function is required and can be 'named' or 'anonymous'.
The second parameter is an optional list of angular object names.
The third parameter is an optional list of reserved callee object name, default value is ['_'] to avoid false positive with lodash.

**Rule based on Angular 1.x**

**Styleguide Reference**

* [y024 by johnpapa - Named vs Anonymous Functions](https://github.com/johnpapa/angular-styleguide/blob/master/a1/README.md#style-y024)

## Examples

The following patterns are considered problems when configured `"anonymous"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"anonymous"]*/

    // invalid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', myServiceFn);
    function myServiceFn() {
        // ...
    } // error: Use anonymous functions instead of named function

The following patterns are **not** considered problems when configured `"anonymous"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"anonymous"]*/

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function () {
        // ...
    });

The following patterns are considered problems when configured `"named"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"named"]*/

    // invalid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function () {
        // ...
    }); // error: Use named functions instead of anonymous function

The following patterns are **not** considered problems when configured `"named"`:

    /*eslint angular/function-type: [2,"named"]*/

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', function myService() {
        // ...
    });

    // valid
    angular.module('myModule').factory('myService', myServiceFn);
    function myServiceFn() {
        // ...
    }

## Version

This rule was introduced in eslint-plugin-angular 0.1.0

## Links

* [Rule source](/rules/function-type.js)
* [Example source](/examples/function-type.js)
